MAN: LET'S GO!
I WANT THIS GROUP
MOVED IN TIGHTER!
LET'S GO, NOW!
MOVE HIM UP FRONT
WITH THIS GROUP.
I WANT HIM BACK!
LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
COME ON, MOVE.
WE RECEIVED A 9-1-1 CALL
THAT THERE WAS
A SLASHER PARTY HAPPENING
AT THIS ADDRESS TONIGHT.
ASHER: WAIT. WHAT?
SPENCER: YO, MAN, FACE DOWN.
OFFICER: ACCORDING TO
THIS CALLER, THERE'S
A PERSON OF INTEREST THREATENING
PEOPLE WITH A KNIFE,
PUTTING MULTIPLE LIVES
AT RISK!
I--I'M THE ONE WHO ACTUALLY
THREW THE PARTY,
OFFICER, BUT IT'S NOT
A SLASHER PARTY, I SWEAR.
YOU GUYS DON'T SEE
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WE'RE BEING SWATTED.
LAYLA: WHAT, YOU'RE SAYING
SOMEONE PRANKED THE COPS
INTO COMING HERE?
JORDAN: WHY?
JUST A HALLOWEEN PARTY.
MAN: NOTHING'S BEEN CONFIRMED.
MAN 2: SERGEANT?
UNTIL NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WAIT. THAT COP
JUST SIGNALED THAT
THE BACK WAS ALL CLEAR,
SO WE SHOULD BE
GOOD TO GO, RIGHT?
- WE'RE DONE WHEN
I SAY WE'RE DONE.
- LAST I CHECKED,
NO-KNOCK WARRANTS WERE
ILLEGAL IN CALIFORNIA.
YOU DIDN'T PROPERLY
ANNOUNCE YOURSELF
BEFORE ENTERING.
I'M PRETTY SURE
ONE OF MY FRIENDS GOT THAT
ON CAMERA IF YOU NEED PROOF.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO CALL YOUR BOSS
'CAUSE I'M CALLING MINE.
[SIGHS]
[JJ SIGHS]
MAN, MY BAD, YOU GUYS.
WHY?
US GETTING SWATTED
HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH YOU, BRUH.
[JJ SIGHS]
BILLY: OH.
THANK GOD YOU GUYS ARE OK.
YOU'RE GOOD?
OLIVIA: YEAH, YEAH.
LAURA: HI, HONEY.
BILLY: UH, WHERE'S JORDAN?
OLIVIA: LAYLA NEEDED FRESH AIR.
HE WENT WITH HER.
GRACE: YOU OK, BABY?
YEAH. I'M JUST PISSED
MORE THAN ANYTHING.
BILLY: HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?
PATIENCE: I DON'T KNOW,
BUT IF IT WASN'T
FOR COOP,
WE WOULD STILL BE
FACE-DOWN ON THE FLOOR.
GUESS WORKING FOR
MRS. BAKER'S PAYING OFF.
SHE PUSHED HARD TO END
THOSE NO-KNOCK WARRANTS.
I CAN NEVER FORGET THAT.
LAURA: OK, THE COPS ARE TRACING
THE CALL, SO WE SHOULD
HEAR SOMETHING SOON.
YEAH, WELL, WHEN WE DO,
I'M PRETTY SURE WADE WATERS'
NAME WILL COME UP.
BILLY: WHY WADE?
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH THIS KID?
ALL NIGHT,
SOMEONE HAS BEEN CALLING ME
FROM THIS UNKNOWN NUMBER,
AND THEN RIGHT AFTER SWAT
ARRIVED, I GOT A TEXT
WITH A DEVIL EMOJI.
THAT'S WADE.
LAURA: HONEY, ARE YOU SURE?
YES! HE'S TRYING
TO SHAKE ME UP
BECAUSE I DUG
INTO HIS PAST FOR
MY N.I.L. ARTICLE.
- WAIT, I THOUGHT
YOU SCRAPPED THAT ARTICLE.
- WELL, HE DOESN'T KNOW THAT,
AND I FOUND OUT
SOME CRAZY STUFF
ABOUT HIM IN HIGH SCHOOL,
LIKE SOME MESSED-UP BULLYING.
SPENCER: ALL RIGHT,
LOOK, IT'S LATE,
AND WE ALL JUST HAD GUNS
POINTED AT OUR HEADS FOR
WHAT FELT LIKE A LIFETIME.
MRS. BAKER SAID THEY
TRACING THE CALL,
SO LET'S JUST
TAKE A BEAT AND
WAIT ON WHATEVER
EVIDENCE.
OLIVIA: WHAT? NO! THIS--
LAURA: OLIVIA, THIS ISN'T
A STORY ANYMORE;
THIS IS A CRIMINAL
INVESTIGATION NOW.
BILLY: IN THE MEANTIME,
I DON'T THINK IT'S
A GOOD IDEA
FOR YOU GIRLS
TO STAY HERE ALONE.
SPENCER: YEAH.
Y'ALL CAN STAY WITH US
AT THE BEACH HOUSE
FOR A FEW DAYS.
OLIVIA: I'M GONNA STAY
WITH MY PARENTS.
[CHUCKLING]
SERIOUSLY, YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO WALK ME IN.
UH, I KINDA FEEL
LIKE I DID,
ESPECIALLY
AFTER TONIGHT.
SO, LAYLA, I WAS--
LAYLA: SO--OH.
- MY BAD. YOU FIRST. GO AHEAD.
- IT'S--IT'S ALL YOU.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
JORDAN: LOOK, WHAT I SAID
TO YOU AT
THE PARTY TONIGHT--
I MEANT EVERY WORD.
LAYLA: JORDAN--
PLEASE, JUST...
HEAR ME OUT?
TONIGHT REMINDED ME
THAT LIFE IS TOO SHORT,
OK? AND I DON'T WANT
TO WASTE A SECOND OF IT.
I WANT TO BE PRESENT,
I WANT US TO BE PRESENT,
LAUGHING, CONNECTING,
PUSHING EACH OTHER TO--
TO FIND THE BEST PART
OF OURSELVES.
BUT W-WE ARE DOING THAT
AS FRIENDS.
OK, BUT I WANT MORE.
JORDAN, UM...I TRIED
THE "MORE THAN FRIENDS"
THING WITH CLAY, AND I
ENDED UP HURTING HIM.
- YEAH, BUT THIS IS DIFFERENT.
- I DATED ASHER AND SPENCER.
YOU KNOW, I CAN'T BE
THE GIRL THAT DATES
EVERYONE IN THE VORTEX.
OK, I HEAR YOU, AND THAT
IS TOTALLY VALID,
OK, BUT FORGET ABOUT
THE VORTEX FOR A SECOND.
TELL ME HOW YOU REALLY
FEEL ABOUT ME, ABOUT US.
I FEEL, UM...
LUCKY BECAUSE...
I FOUND A BEST FRIEND
WHERE I LEAST EXPECTED TO,
AND...I DON'T WANT
TO SCREW THAT UP.
RIGHT.
BEST--BEST FRIEND.
YEAH.
[SEA GULLS CRYING]
CHORUS: ♪ RISE AND SHINE
FOR THE MIGHTY CONDORS ♪
♪ FLYING HIGH
♪ WATCH 'EM SOAR,
ALL HAIL... ♪
JJ: AH, OH,
LOOK AT SPENCE,
OUT HERE SILOED IN
HIS PEACEFUL COCOON.
MAN, I'M JUST DOING EVERYTHING
I CAN TO BOUNCE BACK
FROM LAST NIGHT,
GET MY HEAD IN THE RIGHT
PLACE BEFORE TOMORROW'S
BIG HOMECOMING GAME.
CHORUS: ♪ WE FIGHT THROUGH...
COOP: LOOK, I--I DON'T KNOW
MUCH ABOUT MEDITATION,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE THIS SONG
RIGHT HERE AIN'T IT.
[MUSIC CLICKS OFF]
HEH! THAT'S G.A.U.'s
FIGHT SONG, EASILY
THE WORST CONSTRUCTION
OF INSTRUMENTS,
LYRICS, AND, UH, TALENT.
SPENCER: PLEASE.
MUSIC DIED FOR A FEW YEARS
WHEN THEY MADE COASTAL'S
FIGHT SONG.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
TO PUT YOUR MONEY
WHERE YOUR CLEATS ARE.
- I'M DOWN. WHAT YOU THINKING?
- HMM.
WHOEVER WINS
HOMECOMING,
THE LOSER HAS TO
NOT ONLY WEAR
THE WINNER'S JERSEY,
BUT YOU GOT TO WALK
AROUND CAMPUS
A WHOLE DAY,
SINGING
THEIR FIGHT SONG,
LOUD AS HELL.
[CHUCKLING]
SAY LESS. I'M DOWN.
OK, BET. HA HA HA!
[JJ CHUCKLES]
YO, YOU GOOD?
- YEAH. WHY?
- HEY, I'M JUST CHECKING.
OF ALL THE PEOPLE
WHO GOT SWATTED
LAST NIGHT,
WE THE ONLY ONES
WHO HAVE ACTUALLY
BEEN SHOT.
I MEAN, LAST NIGHT
HIT A LITTLE
DIFFERENT FOR ME.
I JUST--I THOUGHT
IT MIGHT HAVE
FOR YOU, TOO.
IT DID, BUT THAT
WAS LAST NIGHT.
RIGHT NOW, I'M FOCUSED
ON HOMECOMING.
- NOW, SPENCE, WHAT YOU'RE
DOING IS DEFLECTING.
- COOP,
I'M GOOD, FOR REAL.
COOP: EVEN AFTER LIV CHOSE
TO STAY
WITH HER PARENTS
INSTEAD OF HERE?
THINGS HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE OFF
WITH ME AND LIV LATELY,
BUT WE WORKING ON IT,
AND IF STAYING
WITH HER PARENTS IS
WHAT SHE WANTS,
THEN I GOTTA TRUST SHE'S
MAKING THE RIGHT CALL.
WHAT? WHAT?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST YOU'RE
COMPARTMENTALIZING,
AND I NEVER
THOUGHT I'D SEE THE DAY.
SPENCER: IT'S NOT THAT.
I'M JUST PROMISING MYSELF
I'MMA STOP PLAYING SUPERHERO
TO EVERYBODY
AND FOCUS ON ME.
LOOK, I GOTTA BOUNCE.
I'LL HOLLA AT YOU.
HEY, HEY, REAL QUICK.
WHAT IF LIV IS RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT?
WHAT IF WADE IS BEHIND
THE SWATTING?
YOU THOUGHT ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENS THEN,
TO HOMECOMING,
TO Y'ALL'S RELATIONSHIP?
JP: HEY, SWEETHEART.
LAYLA: HEY.
SO, UH,
JORDAN WAS RIGHT.
- ABOUT?
- UH, NOT GETTING YOU BREAKFAST.
HE SAID IT WOULD
BE WISE FOR ME
TO NOT GET
BETWEEN YOU
AND THAT BURRITO.
[CHUCKLES]
LAYLA: UH, WELL, YOU--
YOU DIDN'T HAVE
TO GO TO JORDAN FOR THAT;
YOU COULDA JUST ASKED ME.
YEAH, WELL, I TRIED,
BUT YOUR PHONE JUST KEPT
GOING TO VOICEMAIL.
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU DOING OK,
ALL THINGS CONSIDERED.
YOU REALLY DON'T HAVE
TO WORRY, DAD; JORDAN
IS DOING THAT ENOUGH
FOR THE BOTH OF YOU WITH
HIS HOURLY CHECK-INS,
DESPITE OUR...
HEY, IS THERE
SOMETHING GOING ON
BETWEEN YOU TWO?
BETWEEN ME AND JORDAN?
NO, NO. WE'RE JUST,
UH, WE'RE JUST FRIENDS.
- FRIENDS?
- YES, FRIENDS.
TURNING FORMONICA RECORDS
INTO A SUPER-LABEL
IS MY ONLY FOCUS RIGHT NOW.
JP: OK, I WILL
OFFICIALLY MIND MY BUSINESS.
LAYLA: THANK YOU.
JUST REMEMBER WHAT
I SAID ABOUT USING
YOUR WORK TO HIDE
FROM A GOOD THING
THAT SCARES YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
- MM-HMM.
- ANYWAYS, I SHOULD GET GOING,
BUT LISTEN, THERE IS, UH,
SOMETHING I WANT
TO RUN BY YOU, BUT
I JUST NEED, LIKE,
A DAY OR TWO
TO FINISH IRONING
OUT A FEW THINGS.
- OK, YEAH, COOL.
JUST LET ME KNOW.
- COOL. I LOVE YOU.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]
MALE SINGER: ♪ A WOMAN
THAT'S CHANGED... ♪
CARTER: HEY, GENTS.
LOOK, UM,
MY APOLOGIES.
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
SPENCE, ARE YOU GOOD?
- YEAH, ALL GOOD. WHAT'S UP?
- LOOK, AS YOU BOTH KNOW,
YOUR MOTHER IS
A-AN AMAZING WOMAN.
SHE'S THE BEST THING
THAT'S HAPPENED TO ME
IN A LONG TIME.
FULL DISCLOSURE--
I CAN'T SEE MY LIFE
WITHOUT HER, SO...
WITH BOTH
OF YOUR BLESSINGS,
I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE HER
AN HONEST WOMAN.
DILLON: WAIT. HOW IS SHE
NOT AN HONEST WOMAN?
SPENCER: NO, THAT'S
THE O.G. WAY OF SAYING HE
WANTS TO PROPOSE...RIGHT?
CARTER: RIGHT.
DILLON: WAIT. AREN'T YOU
MOVING TO OAKLAND?
YES, AND--AND, DILLON,
I--I UNDERSTAND THAT
COMPLICATES THINGS
BECAUSE YOU AND YOUR MOM
MAY NOT BE READY
TO LEAVE CRENSHAW,
BUT Y-YOUR MOM
AND I ARE GROWN.
WE CAN DEFINITELY MAKE
THE LONG-DISTANCE THING
WORK.
SO WHAT DO
YOU GUYS THINK?
[DILLON AND SPENCER LAUGH]
SPENCER: WE SIGNED OFF
ON YOU MONTHS AGO, MAN.
CARTER: OH, MY GOD.
SPENCER: HA HA!
CARTER: OH. OK.
LISTEN, HEY,
AND I KNOW MOMS CAN'T SEE
A FUTURE WITHOUT YOU.
I JUST GOT
ONE REQUEST, THOUGH--
YEAH, DON'T SAY
THE "HONEST WOMAN" THING
WHEN I--WHEN I PROPOSE?
DILLON: DUDE, IT'S CONFUSING.
SPENCER: WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
RIGHT, THOUGH.
WITH MOMS,
IT'S THE THREE F's--
FOOD, FLOWERS, AND...
DILLON: FREDDIE JACKSON.
CARTER: OK.
SPENCER: HEH HEH!
CARTER: I--I LIKE
FREDDIE JACKSON.
SPENCER: OK.
MMM.
MMM, MMM, MMM, MMM.
- [CHUCKLES]
- THIS FOOD--MAN,
THIS FOOD IS AMAZING.
YEAH, IT'S MY TAKE
ON TRI-TIP HASH.
WOW. OK, YOU GOT
A NEW JOB,
NOW YOU A--
YOU A WHOLE NEW CHEF?
- [BOTH CHUCKLE]
PATIENCE: I LOVE THAT,
I LOVE THAT.
[SIGHS]
LOOK, PATIENCE,
ABOUT LAST NIGHT...
I MEAN,
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
I DON'T KNOW...
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, HOW 'BOUT--
[SIGHS]--TOMORROW,
AFTER SPENCER'S GAME,
WE GET AWAY FOR
A COUPLE DAYS?
MAYBE...THAT TIME
ALONE WILL GIVE US
SOME CLARITY?
I LIKE THE SOUND
OF THAT.
UM, OK, I HAVE TO GO
TO THE STUDIO,
SO...
[KISS]
BYE.
HEY, COACH.
AW, YOU COMING
FOR MY JOB NOW,
KING?
- COACH. COACH, WHAT UP?
- HEH! WHAT'S UP?
LOOK, I BEEN GOING OVER
OUR ROUTE CONCEPTS
FOR THE GAME, RIGHT?
WE GOT SOME MISMATCHES
TO EXPLOIT,
LIKE THIS GOT TO BE
AN OUT-AND-UP--
MAN, YO.
MAN, GIVE ME THE TOP.
HA HA HA!
[SPENCER SCOFFS]
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
YOU WORRIED ABOUT
PLAYING AGAINST YOUR
FRIENDS TOMORROW, HUH?
WE WENT THROUGH
SOME CRAZY STUFF
TOGETHER LAST NIGHT, MAN.
THEM BOYS IS MY FAMILY.
YOU KNOW, THIS IS NOT
GONNA BE THE LAST TIME
YOU PLAY AGAINST FAMILY.
LOOK, ON GAME DAY,
THE ONLY FAMILY YOU GOT
ARE THE ONES YOU SHARE
THE SIDELINES WITH.
YES, SIR.
DISTANT PLAYER:
HEY, THAT'S RIGHT!
SPENCER: WHAT'S YOUR
TAKE ON WADE?
KENNY: HMM.
MY TAKE DON'T MATTER.
IT MATTERS TO ME.
LONG AS WADE FOLLOWS
THE RULES,
I'VE GOT
TO LIKE HIM, BUT...
IF THERE WAS EVER
A BLACK SHEEP
IN THE FAMILY...
YEAH, THAT'D BE HIM.
[KNOCK ON DOOR, ASHER HUMS]
MONTES: WOW!
- HEY.
- THIS PLACE IS SWANKY!
HOW MUCH ARE WE
PAYING YOU, ADAMS?
UH...COACH, WHAT--WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE, SIR?
I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I THOUGHT I'D STOP BY, OFFER
YOU A RIDE TO PRACTICE.
UH...I--
I MEAN, I HAVE
A CAR, BUT...
UH, YEAH, YEAH.
UH, SURE.
YES, SIR.
MONTES: OK. LET'S GO.
WADE: HEY, WHAT'S UP, GUYS?
THIS IS MY LAST HOMECOMING GAME,
SO THIS ONE HITS
EXTRA-HARD, AND I WANT
TO GIVE A BIG SHOUT-OUT
TO MY O-LINE RIGHT HERE.
[PLAYERS CLAMOR AND LAUGH]
YO, MAN, THEY KEEP ME CLEAN,
AND THAT IS WHY THEY CALL ME
"LO INTOCABLE"--
"THE UNTOUCHABLE."
PLAYER: LO INTOCABLE!
OLIVIA: EL! EL INTOCABLE--
OH, MY GOD.
I CAN'T WITH THIS GUY.
I TOLD YOU NOT
TO LISTEN TO THAT.
IT HAS BEEN A FULL DAY
AND THERE'S STILL NOTHING.
I MEAN, WADE'S CLEARLY
INTOCABLE WHEN IT COMES
TO CRIMES, TOO.
- THESE THINGS TAKE TIME.
- DO YOU EVEN THINK
WADE IS GUILTY?
- I DO.
- REALLY?
ABSOLUTELY,
BECAUSE YOU SAID IT.
THANK YOU! WHY CAN'T IT
BE THAT EASY FOR SPENCER?
[SIGHS]
BECAUSE I'M YOUR
FATHER, SWEETHEART.
I CAN'T AFFORD NOT
TO BELIEVE YOU,
AND THE SITUATION'S
A BIT MORE COMPLICATED
WHEN IT COMES TO SPENCE.
WADE IS ON HIS TEAM;
HE ALREADY CAME
FOR HIM ONCE, SOLELY
BASED ON YOUR WORD, AND--
OLIVIA: WHEN I WAS WRONG.
I KNOW.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
LAURA: NOT THIS TIME.
THE COPS TRACED
THE PHONE CALL BACK
TO WADE'S CELLPHONE.
YOU SEE? I KNEW IT!
SO WHAT'S NEXT?
GARRETT: WADE...
YOU GOTTA GO WITH THEM, SON.
WADE: WHY? WHAT'S GOING ON?
OFFICER: WADE WATERS, YOU'RE
UNDER ARREST FOR SWATTING.
WADE: YOU SERIOUS? COME ON.
OFFICER: YOU HAVE
THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY...
WADE: YO, IT WAS THEIR PARTY!
LOOK, I WASN'T EVEN THERE!
THOSE TWO SET ME UP!
OFFICER: YOU HAVE
THE RIGHT TO AN ATTORNEY...
WADE: YO, THEY SET ME UP!
HEY, WE GOTTA TALK
TO 'EM, MAN.
JORDAN: OK, AND SAY WHAT?
SPENCER: J.,
YOU ARE QB1, AND YOU
NEED 'EM BEHIND YOU.
START WITH THE TRUTH.
COME ON.
YEAH.
AHEM. HEY, GUYS,
UH, REAL--REAL QUICK.
LOOK, I KNOW YOU'RE
ALL WONDERING WHAT
THE HELL'S GOING ON.
LAST NIGHT, WADE HAD ME
AND MY FRIENDS SWATTED--
ROOMFUL OF COPS, GUNS POINTED
AT OUR HEADS, OK?
IT WAS CRAZY,
IT WAS MESSED UP, AND--
PLAYER: YO, CAP.
I WAS WITH WADE LAST NIGHT.
AIN'T NO WAY HE HAD
Y'ALL SWATTED.
JORDAN: THE COPS
TRACED THE CALL BACK
TO WADE'S PHONE, ROMEO.
LIKE THE COPS
CAN'T FAKE EVIDENCE TO
MAKE YOUR MOMS HAPPY.
GOT TO ADMIT IT, MAN.
YOU'RE JUST MAD
YOU AIN'T GETTING NO RUN,
SO YOU HAD HIM SET UP.
ME--ME AND MY FRIENDS,
WE COULD HAVE DIED LAST NIGHT!
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
[PLAYERS MURMUR]
SPENCER: YO! YO!
LISTEN, LISTEN,
EMOTIONS ARE HIGH,
BUT WE GOT A BIG GAME
TO PREPARE FOR, Y'ALL.
WE GOTTA GET ON
THE SAME PAGE, FIND A WAY
TO RISE ABOVE THE CHAOS
AND BE THERE FOR EACH OTHER,
ON AND OFF THAT FIELD!
WE GOT TO UNITE,
AS A FAMILY.
ROMEO: YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT IS ABOUT FAMILY,
BUT YOU AND J. CHOSE
YOUR OTHER FAMILY.
OLIVIA BAKER,
THE REPORTER WHO
SNITCHED ON WADE,
IS JORDAN'S SISTER
AND SPENCER'S
GIRLFRIEND.
PLAYER: YEAH.
PLAYER 2: NAH.
PLAYER 3: WHAT?
ROMEO: BUT WADE
IS OUR FAMILY,
OUR REAL QB1.
WAY WE SEE IT,
HE'S INNOCENT UNTIL
PROVEN OTHERWISE.
[R&B MUSIC PLAYING]
FEMALE SINGER:
♪ NOTHIN' EVER DID COME CLOSE
♪ THAT'S THE ONLY REASON WHY
HEY.
SKYE, LISTEN, I--
HEY, A QUESTION.
[KISS] YOU EVER BEEN
TO WINE SCHOOL?
OK, YOU DO KNOW
I'M ONLY 18, RIGHT?
AIN'T NOBODY LETTING ME
IN THEIR WINE SCHOOL.
THE CLASSES
ARE ONLINE, COOP.
WE'LL GET TO DO THEM
FROM THE INTIMATE COMFORTS
OF MY BEDROOM.
MMM, I SEE WHAT THIS IS.
YOU'RE TRYING TO TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THE GIRL.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE
IT'S A BAD THING.
[GIGGLES]
WE CAN ALSO KEEP IT
SUPER CHILL AND MAKE
BREAKFAST FOR DINNER.
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
DYING TO MAKE THAT
TRI-TIP HASH RECIPE,
AND I'VE ALREADY PICKED OUT
A FEW REDS THAT WOULD GO
VERY NICELY--
LOOK, I SLEPT WITH
PATIENCE LAST NIGHT.
IT KINDA
JUST HAPPENED,
AND WE'RE GONNA
GIVE OUR THING
ANOTHER TRY.
I JUST FIGURED
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
WOW.
YOU ARE SUCH A COWARD.
YOU'RE REALLY THAT SCARED
OF HOW I MAKE YOU FEEL
THAT YOU'RE GONNA GO BACK
TO SOMETHING YOU ALREADY
KNOW DOESN'T WORK?
- NO, SKYE, IT'S NOT LIKE THAT--
- I KNOW YOU AND PATIENCE
HAVE THE HISTORY, YES,
AND I KNOW THAT YOU
LOVE HER, BUT...
CAN YOU HONESTLY TELL ME
THAT YOU'RE STILL
IN LOVE WITH HER?
ASHER: AS OF LATELY,
SPENCER'S BEEN DOING MOST
OF HIS DAMAGE IN THE SLOT.
YEAH, I KNOW.
THEY LIKE TO EXPLOIT
THOSE MISMATCHES
AGAINST LINEBACKERS.
TRUE, TRUE, BUT I
LIKE OUR CHANCES
WITH JJ ON HIM.
I MEAN, HE PLAYED
WITH AND AGAINST SPENCER
PLENTY IN HIGH SCHOOL.
HE KNOWS HIS TENDENCIES,
BUT YOU KNEW THAT
ALREADY.
YOU WANT TO TELL ME WHY
YOU REALLY OFFERED ME
A RIDE, COACH?
WE BOTH KNOW THAT THERE
ARE CLOSER BEACHES
TO YOUR HOUSE.
OK. I HAD HEARD
ABOUT THE SWATTING.
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU WERE ALL RIGHT,
THAT IT DIDN'T MESS
WITH YOUR HEAD TOO MUCH.
'CAUSE YOU NEED ME
FOCUSED FOR THE GAME.
'CAUSE YOU'RE A GOOD KID,
AND I WAS WORRIED.
[CELLPHONE VIBRATES]
THANK YOU.
AH. LOOKS LIKE
YOUR BOY IS UP.
JORDAN BAKER'S
NOW THE STARTING QB
FOR TOMORROW'S GAME.
WAIT. REALLY?
WOW.
I'M HAPPY FOR HIM;
THE LAST 24 HOURS
HAVE BEEN ROUGH
FOR ALL OF US.
HE COULD USE THIS GOOD NEWS.
MONTES: NOW,
I NEED TO KNOW ALL
YOU KNOW ON JORDAN.
LOOK, I'M NOT ASKING YOU
TO BREAK A BRO CODE HERE.
I JUST NEED THE BASICS.
STILL GOT A GAME
TO WIN HERE, ADAMS.
[SIGHING]
[SIGHS]
HEY. I LEFT YOU, LIKE,
A DOZEN MESSAGES.
[KISS]
I JUST NEEDED
A MINUTE.
[CLEARS THROAT]
SPENCER: OK.
YOU KNOW THINGS GO
SIDEWAYS WITH US
REAL FAST WHEN WE'RE
NOT COMMUNICATING.
I THOUGHT WE AGREED
ON THAT.
I WAS RIGHT ABOUT WADE.
YEAH.
YEAH, WELL, THAT'S WHY
I TRIED TO CALL.
STUFF'S KINDA CRAZY
WITH THE TEAM RIGHT NOW,
BUT AT LEAST HIS ASS
IS IN JAIL, RIGHT?
THAT'S ALL
YOU HAVE TO SAY?
'CAUSE I SAW YOUR FACE
WHEN I FIRST SAID
THAT IT WAS HIM, AND
YOU DIDN'T BELIEVE ME.
- NO, I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO BELIEVE.
- HMM.
WE'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE MORE HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER, LIV,
BUT LATELY ALL YOU DO
IS HIDE STUFF FROM ME:
THE PRANK CALLS,
YOU STILL DIGGING
INTO WADE'S PAST--
ARE YOU SERIOUSLY
BLAMING ME RIGHT NOW?
I'M NOT BLAMING YOU,
LIV, I'M KEEPING IT
A BUCK.
WE ARE A TEAM.
IN THE BEGINNING,
I TOLD YOU
I WILL ALWAYS, ALWAYS
HAVE YOUR BACK.
I CAN'T DO THAT
WITH YOU PUTTING
DISTANCE BETWEEN US.
WELL, I HAD TO
BECAUSE I--
I COULD FEEL ME
LOSING MYSELF
AND DOUBTING
MY INSTINCTS.
- WHAT, AND THAT'S MY FAULT?
- NO, SPENCER, IT'S JUST A FACT.
BEFORE WE GOT SWATTED,
YOU, UH...
YOU SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT PEOPLE WHO
CHOOSE TO PRETEND.
WHAT DID YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
YOU'VE BEEN PRETENDING
WITH ME?
LIV.
- I LOVE YOU.
- I LOVE YOU, TOO--
OLIVIA: MMM. HMM.
[SPENCER'S BREATH TREMBLES]
THESE PAST COUPLE
OF MONTHS
HAVE BEEN REALLY HARD.
I CAN'T,
WITH THE ARGUING
IN THIS ENDLESS LOOP
EVERY DAY.
I CAN'T, WITH
THE WALKING ON EGGSHELLS
AROUND EACH OTHER'S DREAMS
BECAUSE WHAT WE'RE
PASSIONATE ABOUT
IS JUST, LIKE, PULLING US
IN OPPOSING DIRECTIONS.
IT SHOULDN'T BE
THIS HARD.
IT JUST SHOULDN'T.
SO BECAUSE IT'S HARD,
YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO IT NO MORE?
- I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
- THEN WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I DON'T KNOW!
BUT SOMETHING
HAS TO CHANGE.
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS.
[TEXT ALERT VIBRATES]
[SPENCER SIGHS,
OLIVIA SCOFFS]
WADE WAS JUST CLEARED
OF ALL THE CHARGES,
SO...THERE'S THAT.
BILLY:
OH, COME ON, LAURA!
ARE YOU FOR REAL?
LAURA: THAT'S THE PROBLEM
WITH SWATTING, IS THAT IF
NOBODY'S HARMED,
THE PERSON THAT CALLED IT IN
GETS OFF WITH A MISDEMEANOR,
AT BEST.
AND I'M JUST
SUPPOSED TO ACCEPT THAT?
MY KIDS WERE IN THAT HOUSE!
LAURA: HELLO!
THEY'RE MY KIDS, TOO!
OLIVIA: OK, JORDAN SAID
THAT WADE WOULD
PROBABLY GET HIS SPOT BACK
IN THE HOMECOMING GAME.
IS THAT TRUE?
BILLY: I MEAN, IT'S UP
TO GARRETT, BUT YEAH.
SO HIS ASS JUST
GETS TO ROAM FREE
WITH NO CONSEQUENCE?
LAURA: LIV, LANGUAGE.
GOLDEN ANGELES
IS ABOUT TO LET
THE PERSON WHO JUST TRIED
TO KILL ME AND MY FRIENDS
PLAY IN A GAME LIKE
NOTHING HAPPENED,
AND YOU'RE WORRIED
ABOUT MY LANGUAGE?
BILLY: HEY, HEY,
ARE YOU--ARE YOU OK?
OLIVIA: I'M NOT OK!
BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS
JUST FALLING APART:
MY JOURNALISM CAREER,
THIS--THIS WADE STUFF,
ME AND SPENCER--
ALL RIGHT, OK.
SWEETHEART, YOU'VE BEEN
GOING THROUGH A LOT.
IT'S GONNA BE OK,
AND WHATEVER YOU
AND SPENCER
ARE GOING THROUGH,
IT'S JUST AN ADJUSTMENT.
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA
MAKE IT THROUGH.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LOOK, LET'S GO FOR
A RIDE, ALL RIGHT?
NOW, I CAN'T DO
ANYTHING ABOUT THE
SPENCE THING, BUT--
BUT WE CAN DEFINITELY
DO SOMETHING ABOUT
THIS WADE.
[DISTANT DOG BARKS]
GRACE: IF YOU DON'T FEEL
COMFORTABLE PLAYING WITH WADE
AND YOU CHOOSE TO SIT OUT,
I SUPPORT THAT.
DILLON: YEAH, ME, TOO.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO
TEACH HIM A LESSON.
NO. I'MMA RIDE IT OUT.
I'VE GOT OTHER TEAMMATES
I NEED TO SHOW UP FOR.
HOW'S LIV TAKING
ALL OF THIS?
THINK LIV NEEDS
SOME SPACE.
SHOOT.
MAYBE I DO, TOO.
I JUST DON'T WANT HER
FEELING LIKE SHE NEEDS
TO COMPROMISE
WHAT'S IMPORTANT
TO HER TO BE IN
A RELATIONSHIP WITH ME.
GRACE: HMM.
DILLON: NEITHER OF YOU SHOULD.
HMM.
I NEED SOME GOOD NEWS.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU, MA?
HOW'S, UH...
MR. CARTER?
IS HE GONNA PROPOSE?
SPENCER: NICE WORK, MAN.
GRACE: OH!
DILLON: HEY, HEY, HEY.
[CHUCKLES]
ALL RIGHT, I'MMA CHILL.
I'MMA CHILL.
I'MMA LEAVE YOU ALONE.
WAIT, SPENCER, WAIT.
HOLD ON.
ABOUT OLIVIA,
YOU'VE ALWAYS KNOWN
YOUR DREAM, SON.
SHE'S JUST
FIGURING OUT HERS.
BUT THE QUESTION IS
CAN YOU GIVE HER TIME
AND SPACE
TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO DO IT?
I GUESS WE'VE BOTH GOT
DECISIONS TO MAKE.
[5 ALARM'S
"COULD YOU BE MINE" PLAYING]
YEAH.
♪ DIDN'T THINK THIS COULD
HAPPEN WITH YOU ♪
♪ FROM THE FIRST TIME
YOU CAME THROUGH ♪
♪ AT NIGHT
TALKING TO YOU ♪
♪ COULD YOU BE MINE?
I WAS, UH,
STARTING TO THINK
YOU WERE AVOIDING ME.
HEARD ABOUT WADE,
YOU GETTING AND LOSING
YOUR STARTING POSITION.
I JUST THOUGHT YOU
COULD USE A FRIEND.
YOU KNOW, I NEVER IMAGINED
STARTING MY FRESHMAN YEAR?
HEH! I MEAN, GOD,
I WAS JUST GLAD
TO HAVE A SPOT ON THE BENCH.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
WELL, TODAY THE--
THE UNIMAGINABLE
WAS PUT WITHIN REACH.
FOR A FEW HOURS, YEAH.
AND NOW I WANT IT,
LAYLA.
I WANT TO LEAD
THIS TEAM.
I--I WANT TO BE QB1 NOW,
NOT 3 YEARS FROM NOW,
BUT IT'S WADE'S TEAM.
JORDAN,
YOU WORK YOUR ASS OFF
AND YOUR COACH SEES THAT.
YOUR TIME'S GONNA
COME AGAIN,
AND NOW, WHEN IT DOES,
YOU'LL--YOU'LL BE READY.
♪ COULD YOU BE MINE?
YES, THE SWATTING WAS
A HORRIBLE LAPSE IN JUDGMENT,
BUT...WE'RE JUST TALKING
ABOUT A PRANK GONE WRONG.
PRANK GONE WR--THE COPS
HAD THEIR GUNS POINTED AT
A ROOM FULL OF ALMOST ALL
BLACK KIDS, TWO OF WHICH
ARE FROM YOUR TEAM.
COME ON.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT RACE.
HE SAYS, FROM THE COMFORT
OF HIS OWN WHITE PRIVILEGE.
[SIGHS]
I TOOK THIS MEETING
AS A COURTESY, BILLY.
YOU TOOK THIS MEETING
OUTTA GUILT.
YOU KNEW YOU SHOULDN'T
HAVE PLAYED WADE
AFTER EVERYTHING
HE DID.
THAT BOY IS
A TICKING TIME BOMB,
AND IF HE CONTINUES
TO GO UNCHECKED, HE'S
GONNA PUT THE REST
OF YOUR TEAM IN DANGER,
INCLUDING MY BOYS,
AND I CAN'T HAVE THAT.
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME, I HAVE
A GAME TO PREPARE FOR.
ARE YOU AWARE
THAT WADE BULLIED ONE
OF HIS TEAMMATES SO BAD
IN HIGH SCHOOL THAT HE
TRIED TO COMMIT SUICIDE?
MULTIPLE TIMES.
WADE'S PARENTS PAID
FOR THEIR SILENCE.
THAT'S WHY WADE
SWATTED US.
HE'S SCARED THAT I'M
GONNA EXPOSE THAT,
WHICH I STILL PLAN ON DOING,
BUT IT'S FUNNY HOW EASILY
I WAS ABLE TO DIG UP
STUFF THAT HAPPENED
OVER 4 YEARS AGO,
AND THEN SOMEHOW
THIS UNIVERSITY WAS
JUST TOTALLY UNAWARE.
BILLY: YEAH, THAT MAKES
YOU WONDER HOW MUCH YOU
AND THIS ADMINISTRATION
HAVE OVERLOOKED FOR
THE SAKE OF THIS PROGRAM.
MY DAUGHTER'S NOT
THE ONLY ONE THAT'S GONNA
KEEP DIGGING AND DIGGING.
I'MMA TELL OTHERS
WHO DO IT, TOO, AND YOU
CAN BET THEY'RE GONNA
KEEP BREATHING
RIGHT ON DOWN YOUR NECK
UNTIL WADE IS OFFICIALLY
OFF THIS TEAM.
NO NEED.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO LOOK OUT FOR
THE OTHER BOYS ON MY TEAM.
[FIGHT SONG PLAYING,
TEAM CLAMORING]
GARRETT: LISTEN UP, LISTEN UP!
HOMECOMING AGAINST COASTAL!
DOESN'T GET MUCH BETTER
THAN THAT, RIGHT?
PLAYERS: YEAH!
PLAYER: HELL YEAH!
GARRETT: ALL RIGHT,
ONE QUICK ANNOUNCEMENT--
WADE'S BENCHED,
BAKER'S ON QB 1.
LET'S GO!
[PLAYERS MURMUR]
OK, HERE WE GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GET IT!
[MARCHING BAND DRUMS BEATING]
[PLAYERS AND CROWD CHEERING]
GARRETT: YOU WANT THIS?
STADIUM ANNOUNCER: WELCOME,
EVERYONE, TO HOMECOMING.
WITH AN UNDEFEATED RECORD
OF 6 WINS AND NO LOSSES,
THIS IS...
BILLY: ALL RIGHT.
ANNOUNCER: YOUR GOLDEN
ANGELES CONDORS.
LET'S GO GET IT!
JORDAN: 50's THE MIKE,
50's THE MIKE. DOWN, SET!
ON 60! WIDE, SET-SET!
♪ IT'S LOOKING LIKE IT'S
GAME TIME, HEY ♪
♪ I GUESS IT'S QB1 TIME
♪ TO SHINE, HEY, HA HA
ANNOUNCER: JORDAN BAKER
WITH A 50-YARD BOMB...
[CROWD CHEERS]
TOUCHDOWN!
GOLDEN ANGELES STRIKES FIRST,
7-NOTHING!
SINGER:
♪ BUT IT'S PRIME TIME, BABY
ANNOUNCER: BAKER THROWS
A SLANT ACROSS THE MIDDLE,
BUT IT'S DROPPED
BY SPENCER JAMES!
KENNY: COME ON!
YOU'RE BETTER THAN THAT, SPENCE!
TAKE THE SHOT!
COME ON, SPENCE.
YOU GOT THIS.
DOWN, SET.
READY...
SPENCE!
GET OFF THE LINE.
READY...HUT!
ANNOUNCER: BAKER HITS
MATTHEWS IN STRIDE FOR
A 70-YARD TOUCHDOWN!
WHAT A THROW!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
- WHOO-HOO-HOO!
- GOLDEN ANGELES
IS UP 14-NOTHING!
JORDAN: SPENCE!
SPENCE! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SPENCER: I GOT YOU, I GOT YOU.
- ALL RIGHT. COME ON, MAN.
- SORRY.
♪ IT'S GAME TIME, HEY
♪ I GUESS IT'S QB1 TIME
TO SHINE, HEY ♪
MONTES: NO, NO, NO, NO!
ANNOUNCER: BAKER SCAMPERS
TO THE PYLON
WITH ONLY A FEW SECONDS
REMAINING.
TOUCHDOWN!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
GOLDEN ANGELES IS UP 20-0
AS WE BREAK FOR HALFTIME.
JORDAN: IT WAS ALL RIGHT?
PLAYER: LOOKS GOOD, YEAH.
KEEP THIS MOVING,
THIS A-TEAM.
LET'S GO.
GET IN THE END ZONE
AGAIN. LET'S GO.
SPENCER: BOY,
YOU ARE STRAIGHT COOKIN'
OUT THERE, MAN!
JORDAN: YEAH.
I'M PLAYING LIKE
STRAIGHT TRASH,
BUT YOU GOT IT.
DOES IT HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH MY SISTER
NOT SHOWING UP?
WADE: YEAH, WELL, THAT
SNEAKY BITCH IS REALLY GOOD
AT WRECKING CAREERS.
WHAT YOU SAY?
WADE: I SAID
THAT SNEAKY BITCH
IS REALLY GOOD
AT WRECKING--
[GRUNTING]
OH!
[CROWD CHEERING]
WE GOTTA GO, MAN.
SECOND HALF'S ABOUT
TO START. COME ON, COME ON!
[GROANS]
LAYLA: HEY.
BILLY: HEY.
I THOUGHT YOU
WEREN'T COMING.
[SIGHS]
I WAS LISTENING IN THE CAR.
SPENCER'S STRUGGLING.
I COULDN'T NOT SUPPORT HIM.
BILLY: YEAH, YEAH.
UM, LISTEN,
WHAT IS YOUR READ
ON GARRETT?
THAT HE CAN'T BE TRUSTED
AND HE'S HIDING SOMETHING.
BILLY: MM-HMM.
YOU FEEL THAT WAY,
TOO, HUH?
HEY,
THEY'RE BACK.
ALL RIGHT, FELLAS.
[CROWD CHEERING]
SPENCER: JORDAN, ALL GOOD?
JORDAN: YEAH.
- WHAT'S UP WITH THE GLOVE?
- NOTHING.
JUST, UH...
BETTER GRIP.
LET'S GET
IN THE END ZONE.
HEY, BRO.
- HEY.
- YOU'VE GOTTA---
I GOT THIS ONE,
KENNY.
AT THE BEGINNING
OF THE SEASON,
I DIDN'T SEE
THE MAGIC...
BUT YOU
PROVED ME WRONG.
TIME TO STEP UP
AGAIN, SON.
PICK IT UP
THIS HALF NOW,
ALL RIGHT?
BET.
I GOT YOU, COACH.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
ANNOUNCER: COASTAL IS DOWN
20-0 AS WE START UP
THE THIRD QUARTER.
COME ON.
COME ON, D., COME ON, D..
HUT!
[GARRETT SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY]
ANNOUNCER: BURKE TAKES IT UP
THE MIDDLE AND BOUNCES
TO THE OUTSIDE
FOR A 60-YARD SCORE,
FINALLY PUTTING THEM
ON THE BOARD.
MONTES: YEAH!
ANNOUNCER: GOLDEN ANGELES 20,
COASTAL 7.
- DOWN, SET!
- ♪ IT'S IN YOUR,
IT'S IN YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ IT'S IN YOUR, IT'S IN YOUR,
IT'S IN YOUR, IT'S
IN YOUR HANDS ♪
YO, KILL, KILL, KILL!
CHECK LASER! CHECK LASER!
ANNOUNCER: LOOKS LIKE BAKER'S
CALLING AN AUDIBLE.
GARRETT: WHOA,
WHOA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT'S HE DOING?
KENNY: I DON'T KNOW,
I DON'T KNOW.
JORDAN: WIDE, 80!
WIDE AND SET!
- ♪ THIS THE MOMENT TO...
- OK! COME ON! NOW GO! LET'S GO!
♪ DON'T EVEN START
WITH THIS, 'K? ♪
♪ NEW GENERATION,
HOPING IT GETS ♪
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
ANNOUNCER: GOLDEN ANGELES
STRIKES BACK,
INCREASING THEIR LEAD,
27-7!
JORDAN: DOWN, SET!
LAYLA: COME ON, JORDAN!
BILLY: ALL RIGHT, J.!
WIDE AND SET!
ANNOUNCER: BAKER SLIDES
TO HIS LEFT, BUT THE BALL
SLIPS OUT!
MONTES: YEAH!
ANNOUNCER: HE FUMBLES!
JJ PARKER SCOOPS IT UP
AND THERE'S NOTHING
BUT DAYLIGHT.
TOUCHDOWN!
JJ: YEAH! WHOO!
SINGER: ♪ IT'S IN YOUR,
IT'S IN YOUR ♪
♪ IT'S IN YOUR,
IT'S IN YOUR HANDS♪
HEY, DUDE...JORDAN
WAS THROWING THE BALL
ALL OVER THE FIELD
THE FIRST HALF, YEAH?
JJ: YEAH.
ASHER: IN THE SECOND,
HE'S THROWN WHAT,
LIKE, 3 PASSES?
JJ: YOU THINK HE'S INJURED?
ASHER: YOU DON'T?
MONTES: SOMETHING
I SHOULD KNOW, GENTLEMEN?
ASHER: UH...
LOOK, THEY--THEY CAN'T
STOP THE RUN GAME.
WE KEEP RUNNING,
WE CONTROL THE CLOCK,
WE TAKE THE LEAD,
AND WE KEEP THE BALL AWAY
FROM J. AND SPENCE.
GOOD CALL, ADAMS.
ANNOUNCER:
IN A SURPRISING TURN OF EVENTS,
COASTAL HAS KEPT THE BALL
FOR MOST OF THE SECOND HALF
AND NOW LEADS THE GAME,
31-27.
TEAM: BREAK!
JORDAN: YO, WE'VE BEEN ON
THE SIDELINES A LONG TIME.
IT DON'T MATTER.
WE GOT 18 SECONDS LEFT
AND MAYBE TWO PLAYS?
LET'S BRING THIS HOME, MAN.
ANNOUNCER: GOLDEN ANGELES HAVE
NO TIMEOUTS AND WILL NEED
A SMALL MIRACLE TO WIN
THIS GAME.
- ♪ I'M IN IT TO WIN IT
- SPENCER JAMES TAKES THE DRAW
AND BOUNCES OUTSIDE!
BILLY: GO OUTTA BOUNDS,
GO OUTTA BOUNDS,
GO OUTTA BOUNDS!
SINGER:
♪ I'M IN IT TO WIN IT
♪ TRYIN' TO STOP ME
LIKE TRYIN' TO STOP A TRAIN ♪
ANNOUNCER: FAKES GOING
OUT OF BOUNDS
AND PICKS UP AN ADDITIONAL
15 YARDS!
UNBELIEVABLE!
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
HUGE RISK, BUT--HEH!--
THIS KID IS SOMETHING ELSE.
SINGER: ♪ I'MMA GET IT,
EVERY PLAY... ♪
ANNOUNCER:
LAST PLAY OF THE GAME.
EVERYTHING'S ON THE LINE.
GARRETT: GET BACK, GET BACK.
JORDAN: 49's THE MIKE!
49's THE MIKE! HERE WE GO!
MONTES: JJ! GET ON SPENCER!
KENNY: 6 SECONDS,
SPENCER, 6 SECONDS!
ALL RIGHT, J.!
WIDE 8, HUT!
ANNOUNCER: IT'S A BLITZ!
BAKER'S IN TROUBLE!
PICK HIM UP!
ANNOUNCER: BAKER'S FLUSHED
OUT OF THE POCKET AND FORCED
TO THROW WITH HIS LEFT HAND
TO SPENCER JAMES,
WHO MAKES
AN AMAZING CATCH
AND SPRINTS HIS WAY
INTO THE END ZONE
FOR THE WINNING SCORE!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[BOTH SCREAMING]
ANNOUNCER:
THE CONDORS SOAR TO VICTORY!
JORDAN BAKER
TO SPENCER JAMES!
TRUE FRESHMAN
TO TRUE FRESHMAN!
[CROWD CHEERING AND WHISTLING]
FEMALE SINGER ♪ ALL THE TIME
LAYLA: SO HOW'S THE HAND?
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
UH, I WAS PRETTY MUCH
ONLY FOCUSED
ON ONE PLAYER
THE ENTIRE GAME,
AND IT WAS KINDA HARD TO MISS.
JORDAN: YEAH.
PLUS YOU, UM, YOU THREW
THE GAME-WINNING TOUCHDOWN
WITH YOUR LEFT HAND.
DIDN'T MAKE SENSE
AT THE TIME.
WHAT HAPPENED?
JORDAN: OH, WADE HAPPENED,
OR, ACTUALLY, MY FIST
TO HIS CHIN HAPPENED,
SO...
LAYLA: MMM, NICE.
LOOK AT YOU.
TOUGH GUY.
YEAH.
- JORDAN.
- HEY.
TELL ME
YOU DON'T FEEL IT.
I MEAN, IT'S JUST
THE TWO OF US.
IN THIS MOMENT,
TELL ME.
LAYLA, TELL ME
I'M CRAZY.
♪ YOU CAN'T ESCAPE ALL
OF YOUR MISTAKES ♪
YOU'RE NOT CRAZY.
♪ SO YOU LIE ALONE
TO CARRY THE WEIGHT ♪
♪ LEAN INTO LOVE
♪ WE ALL NEED TO LEAN
INTO LOVE ♪
♪ LEAN INTO LOVE
♪ WE ALL NEED TO LEAN
INTO LOVE ♪
[JORDAN GASPS]
LAYLA: SORRY! SORRY.
NO, NO, NO. IT'S--
IT'S WORTH IT.
UM, JORDAN, WAIT.
WE, UM, WE CAN'T.
WE--WE CAN'T?
WE MOST CERTAINLY CAN.
WE JUST DID.
LAYLA: YOU JUST BROKE UP
WITH SIMONE,
AND I WAS ONE
OF HER BRIDESMAIDS.
- YEAH, FOR A WEDDING
THAT NEVER HAPPENED.
- JORDAN.
OK, ALL RIGHT,
JUST...
JUST ANSWER ME THIS
HONESTLY.
DO YOU HAVE
FEELINGS FOR ME?
YES.
[CHUCKLES]
OK.
THEN...I WILL WAIT
BECAUSE YOU CANNOT
RESIST ME FOREVER.
♪ LEAN INTO LOVE
- EXCUSE ME?
- BUT IT'LL BE FUN
TO WATCH YOU TRY.
[LAYLA CHUCKLES]
♪ ...LEAN INTO LOVE
BACKGROUND SINGERS:
♪ THAT'S RIGHT
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
MONTES: COME IN.
GREAT ADJUSTMENTS
IN THE SECOND HALF.
[SIGHS]
SORRY ABOUT
THE END RESULT.
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
SPENCER JAMES MADE
ONE HELL OF A PLAY.
- [SIGHS] YEAH.
- BUT YOU KEPT US IN THE GAME.
YOU MADE IT CLOSE.
UH, LISTEN,
COACHING STAFF IS
GOING OUT FOR DRINKS.
DO YOU WANT
TO TAG ALONG?
WE'RE TALKING
NEXT WEEK'S GAME PLAN.
ASHER: UH, YEAH.
YEAH, YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
MONTES: GREAT.
SINCE YOU'RE UNDERAGE,
YOU'RE DRIVING THIS TIME.
YES, SIR.
LET'S GO.
GARRETT: OH, I THINK IT'S
CLEAR WE DON'T WIN TODAY
WITHOUT THIS DUO.
THEY'RE THE FUTURE
OF GOLDEN ANGELES,
AND THAT STARTS TODAY!
GRACE:
HA HA HA! YES!
LET'S CELEBRATE.
I'M GONNA MAKE
SOME POPCORN.
SPENCER: OK.
[GRACE CHUCKLES]
SPENCER: RIGHT?
DILLON: HA!
[DOOR OPENS]
CARTER: OH, OK, UM,
ISN'T EXACTLY HOW I
IMAGINED DOING THIS,
BUT I'M GLAD
THE BOYS ARE HERE.
DILLON: WE WEREN'T MISSING THIS.
SPENCER: SHUT UP.
CARTER: UM...
I HAD A WHOLE SPEECH
PLANNED.
I EVEN HAVE FREDDIE JACKSON'S
"YOU ARE MY LADY" CUED UP.
I DO LOVE ME
SOME FREDDIE JACKSON.
AND I LOVE ME SOME YOU.
BABY, IF YOU DON'T WANT
TO LEAVE L.A., IT'S COOL.
[CHUCKLES]
I HAVE NO INTENTIONS
OF HAVING
A LONG-DISTANCE MARRIAGE.
CARTER: WHAT HAPPENED TO
THE BRO CONFIDENTIALITY?
- DILLON HAPPENED.
- OH, YOU--
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN GET HIM BACK
WHEN HE AND I MOVE
TO OAKLAND.
- YOU'RE GONNA MOVE
TO OAKLAND WITH ME?
- I'M GONNA MOVE TO OAKLAND.
DILLON: CAN YOU PLEASE
PROPOSE TO HER NOW?
SPENCER: SHUT UP.
HA HA! MY BAD.
UM...
THIS IS FOR YOU.
GRACE JAMES...
WILL YOU MARRY ME?
YES.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
[KISS]
AH!
[BOTH LAUGH]
SPENCER: HEY, HEY.
GRACE: OH!
[ALL LAUGH]
LAURA:
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
UH, JUST, UH,
LOOKING AFTER MY BOYS.
WADE'S OFF THE TEAM.
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?
WELL, I'M TRYING TO
PROTECT 'EM FROM GARRETT.
I DON'T TRUST HIM.
BASED ON WHAT, BILLY?
UH, MY INSTINCT
AND YOUR DAUGHTER'S.
WHAT IS SO WRONG
WITH WANTING TO LOOK OUT
FOR JORDAN AND SPENCE?
ARE YOU, THOUGH?
OR ARE YOU LOOKING
OUT FOR YOURSELF?
I'M TRYING
TO GIVE THEM THE BEST
D1 EXPERIENCE POSSIBLE.
SPENCER AND JORDAN
JUST BECAME
FULL-TIME STARTERS
AND YOU WANT
TO BLOW THAT UP?
FOR--FOR WHAT?
OR IS THAT YOU
JUST CAN'T HANDLE
NOT BEING THE MOST
IMPORTANT COACH
IN THEIR LIVES?
WADE?
DON'T WORRY.
I COME IN PEACE.
[BUZZES TASER]
I'M NOT WORRIED AT ALL.
THERE'S ONE THING I
LEARNED TODAY, AND IT'S
THAT YOU BAKERS,
WELL, YOU'RE...
RESILIENT.
GOOD FOR YOU.
I HEARD YOU BEEN ASKING
AROUND ABOUT GARRETT.
IF YOU WANT GARRETT,
I CAN HAND HIM TO YOU.
WHY WOULD I BELIEVE
ANYTHING YOU TELL ME
ABOUT HIM?
'CAUSE I HAVE
THE RECEIPTS.
LOOK, I HAVE NOTHING
LEFT TO LOSE, OK?
IT'S MY SENIOR YEAR,
MY HEISMAN HOPES ARE GONE,
AND POSSIBLY MY NFL CAREER.
IF I'M GOING DOWN
IN FLAMES...
IT'S NOT GONNA BE ALONE.
KWAYE: ♪ IT'S NOT HARD
TO PLAY THE VICTIM ♪
♪ OOH
♪ WHEN THESE SCARS
BELONG TO YOU ♪
[DOOR CLOSES]
HEY.
♪ I'M A WALKING
CONTRADICTION ♪
WE'RE NOT GOING
ON OUR TRIP,
ARE WE?
A LOT IS CHANGING
IN MY LIFE NOW,
FOR THE BETTER.
I GOT A FUTURE I'M
EXCITED ABOUT,
AND I NEED TO KEEP
EVERYTHING ABOUT ME
LOOKING FORWARD,
NO MATTER
HOW SCARY A CHOICE
THAT MIGHT BE.
AND YOU CAN'T
DO THAT WITH ME.
I'M SORRY,
BUT I JUST--
I DON'T THINK THAT
US FALLING BACK
ON WHAT'S FAMILIAR
IS THE RIGHT MOVE
FOR EITHER OF US.
KWAYE: ♪ FOR MY MIND
♪ PARALYZED, PARALYZED
♪ I'M CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF CHOICES ♪
♪ PUSHING ME FAR FROM
WHERE I'M STABLE... ♪
LAYLA: HEY.
JP: HEY.
THANKS FOR COMING
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
LAYLA: YEAH, OF COURSE.
NO ERIN?
JP: NO, NOT TODAY. WHY?
UM, I JUST ASSUMED
WHEN YOU SAID YOU WANTED
TO RUN SOMETHING BY ME
LAST WEEK THAT IT
WAS MAYBE, LIKE,
A...PROPOSAL THING?
- NOT YET, BUT THIS, UH,
THIS IS ABOUT A BIG CHANGE.
- MM-HMM.
I'M RETIRING AND, UH,
AND I AM READY
TO HAND OVER
THE DAY-TO-DAY
OPERATIONS OF MY LABEL.
OK. UM, WOW.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
LAYLA: DAD, THIS IS--
WOW, THIS IS AWESOME.
UM, I ALWAYS
ASSUMED, AS I GREW
FORMONICA RECORDS,
THAT WE'D BE,
LIKE, REAL COMPETITORS
ONE DAY, BUT HONESTLY,
MERGING BOTH OF OUR SOUNDS
UNDER KEATING RECORDS
JUST MAKES SENSE.
UM, YEAH,
I MEAN, I'M NOT GONNA
LET YOU DOWN. THIS--
WAIT. UH,
YOU WANT THE LABEL?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE ADAMANT
ABOUT FORGING YOUR OWN PATH
ON YOUR LABEL.
YEAH, THAT WAS WHEN I
WAS ON MY INDIE TIP,
BUT I'M EXPANDING
AND YOU HELPED ME
EXPAND AND I'M--I'M
BUILDING AN EMPIRE.
WAIT. YOU, UM...
YOU DIDN'T CALL ME
HERE TO, UH, TO HAND
IT TO ME, DID YOU?
- LOOK, LAYLA, HONEY,
I'M SORRY. IT'S--
- NO. UH, THEN WHO?
IT'S MY PROTEÉGE.
UM, HE'S A LOT LIKE I WAS
BACK IN THE DAY--
BRAINS, TALENT,
AND LOOK, EVEN BETTER,
HE'S A FRIEND OF YOURS.
[DOOR OPENS]
KWAYE:
♪ I DON'T KNOW WHEN
♪ I'M PARALYZED, PARALYZED
CLAY.
LAYLA.
THANKS AGAIN FOR
THE OPPORTUNITY,
MR. KEATING.
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
♪ STAND IN THE LIGHT
AND WALK WITHOUT YOU ♪
♪ I'M PARALYZED
[DOOR OPENS]
HEY.
WHAT'S THE WORD, DOC?
- IT'S DEFINITELY BROKEN.
- YEAH.
- SEE HERE?
HEY, UM,
HOW LONG AM I OUT?
ABOUT 6 TO 8 WEEKS.
♪ PARALYZED
HEY.
- ♪ OOH
- [SIGHS]
♪ OOH
I JUST HAD
THE BEST GAME OF
MY COLLEGE CAREER.
JORDAN AND I BOTH
MADE FIRST TEAM.
NONE OF THAT FELT
RIGHT WITHOUT YOU.
I MISSED YOU.
I MISSED YOU, TOO.
LOOK, IF SPACE
IS WHAT YOU WANT,
THEN I'LL GIVE IT.
I WON'T LIKE IT,
BUT I'LL DO IT.
BUT IF YOU WANT
TO FIGHT FOR US,
WHICH IS WHAT I WANT,
THEN I'M HERE TO
PUT IN THE WORK, LIV.
FULL HONESTY,
CARDS ON THE TABLE
ALL THE TIME
BECAUSE NOTHING
MEANS MORE TO ME
THAN YOU...
THAN YOU AND WHAT
WE'RE BUILDING.
I REALLY HOPE
YOU MEAN THAT.
OF COURSE I DO.
WHY?
'CAUSE I WANTED TO BE
THE FIRST PERSON TO TELL YOU
THAT I'M BREAKING
A STORY ON COACH GARRETT.
MY COACH?
THE MAN WHO JUST PUT
HIS ARMS AROUND ME
AND JORDAN
ON NATIONAL TV
AND CALLED US THE FUTURE
OF G.A.U. FOOTBALL?
HE HAS GOT SOME
SERIOUS SKELETONS
IN HIS CLOSET,
AND FROM WHAT I'M
HEARING, IT'S BAD.
THIS IS MY FUTURE,
LIV.
AND MINE.
I CAN'T MISS OUT
ON ANOTHER STORY
OF THIS MAGNITUDE,
SPENCER.
[SIGHS]
SO WHAT DOES THIS
MEAN FOR US?
GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD!